Learn CS concepts through Rust
Hi all,

From time to time, there are posts in this subreddit popping up, asking about "why should I learn Rust" and sorts. I apologise in advance - this is going to be a similar kind of post. Maybe I already know the answer, but I would really like some perspective on my personal situation..

I started developing 1 year ago because I had an idea that would help me perform my work better (IT auditing). Like most, I started with JS (React, NodeJS, MongoDB) so that I could prototype asap and quickly pick up programming. 

However, with time passing I started diving into concepts such as distributed computing, crypto (not related to cryptocurrencies), data structures, algorithms, and trying to understand what happens 'under the hood' of an application and its code. I felt like JS couldn't help me grasp these concepts.. This slowly introduced me to Rust, hence I bought the Rust book, reading through it and at the same time trying to port my nodejs code (simple api app with the majority of the logic sitting in React) to Rust code (with warp crate). Previously I used MongoDB because of its JS nature, but now I wanted to replace MongoDB with Postgres, since my data is better suited for relational DBs...

This ultimately resulted in me having a 'programmers' block (borrowed from writer's block) and one of the many pitfalls a fresh developer faces: which programming languages to learn? Because next to learning Rust, it feels like I should learn Python (for data analytics purposes), SQL (for data structure) as well.. Hence my 'programmers bucketlist' has grown to: JS for frontend, Rust for backend, Python for data analytics, and SQL for data structures. 

I havent coded in two weeks because of this dilemma.. I continuously feel that my time is wasted as long as I haven;t made a decision going forward. Which is stupid, I know, since every hour spent coding will help you - regardless in which language you code.

I'm not sure what I want from you... Perhaps some personal insights? How to beat this dilemma? Is it even doable to continue on the path of learning React for frontend, Rust for backend, and somehow shove Python in my curriculum as well? Any insights are greatly appreciated.

&#x200B;

Kind regards,